the flight was very helpful first
Of course the territory is huge and it is very
valuable that is, we have once again confirmed
we learned about it but it again
confirmed the second that I am very
I was pleased that there is much less
people and virtually no livestock that is
so here is this potential conflict
which could be with the release of tigers
after a few years, he generally reduces
minimized now that there
I think not much comparative work
with a very limited number of friends
we will be able to completely disable the possible
future conflicts especially as tigers
my next five years to deliver is not exactly
will they be delivered later when
the territory will be ready as for
the state of the territory is good
that is, the forest
vegetation there is all good but
Of course few animals that is, we are here for
four hours of flight we saw three times
the boar of all trails was true a lot but
boars themselves after all or only three times this
Of course, very little is there
big job because the strength
boars will appear at least I think
Well, 50 times the rouge minimum and maybe
be and more
and of course you need to have Bukhara
deer as the second main species which
which will be 15 grams non-standard
situations of large predators of course with
can never be ruled out but you can
do so and practically will not
almost everywhere where the tiger lives
high population density incomparable
quite with what we saw today
in the far east of russia in china
southeast asia in india
that is, everywhere population density
tall and people are quite normal
well they get on there network Thunder
of course a conflict situation but they
often so here i think that we
do everything to the maximum in order to
how are such conflict situations
prevent and most importantly of course
it's good enough food base
when the game is a good feed base him
absolutely not interested where either
go beyond that territory on
which he dwells for those tiger which
we will bring from Amur tigers
and now the question is being solved
it is possible that we will use
tigers both from nature and from bondage and
it's a tiger that used to
because in the snow, that is, this is nothing
new not for myself in this case
here will not see prey too for them
habitually it is a large deer
Duck whose subspecies is Bukhara
a deer is a boar thats those that is those
kinds of which is his self on
far east in this regard nothing
there will not be a special new horse
slightly different but I think that here
no problem getting comfortable with that
the tiger comes down will not be the basis was
taken that huge job which its
time led
outstanding Kazakhstani scientist tiger
years arch itself Slutsky who first
time raised the question of what
can you save the Turin his you
passionate voice fifty third year
which he voiced and for many years spoke in
that time was not heard we will lose
trance turns not only Kazakhstan
the world community lost from the Ural
like
disappeared and when we talk scientists
an international group of scientists was
proved that it was proven that
cytogenetic parameters of the Ussuri
tiger
very close to trans disappeared
tiger then there was a question on we took something
do here for a few years
World Wildlife Fund
leading feline scientists
groups
scientists of our institute we will since
discussed and talked
and came to the conclusion that you can start